
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.843590                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1843589966000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1843589966000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 220463                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   220463                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5656183181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 378132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   325.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    71858146                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      71858146                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           498752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20812864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           142016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1542016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           270784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2513856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25781248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       498752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       142016                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       270784                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          911552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7470272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7470272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            325201                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             24094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4231                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             39279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402832                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          116723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               116723                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              270533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            11289313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               77032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              836420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              146879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1363566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13984264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         270533                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          77032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         146879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             494444                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4052025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4052025                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4052025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             270533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           11289313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              77032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             836420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             146879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1363566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18036288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         69838                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        42816                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       69838                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      42816                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  4468672                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2738752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   4469632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2740224                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          59609                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                4598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                3888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                4236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                4148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                4711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               4571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               4705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               4338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                2976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                2273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                2480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               2861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           7                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1842578089000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   69838                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  42816                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     49694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      8424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      6349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      5331                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      748                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      863                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1703                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     2112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     2249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     2957                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3056                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     3131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     1909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        20066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      359.185887                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     202.348650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     370.654869                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7177     35.77%     35.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4604     22.94%     58.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1640      8.17%     66.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          939      4.68%     71.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          711      3.54%     75.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          484      2.41%     77.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          449      2.24%     79.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          396      1.97%     81.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3666     18.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          20066                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          1852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        37.694924                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      845.707060                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           1850     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::34816-36863            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            1852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          1852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        23.106371                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.632339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.643623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                34      1.84%      1.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 7      0.38%      2.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                4      0.22%      2.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               3      0.16%      2.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1503     81.16%     83.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              52      2.81%     86.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              11      0.59%     87.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              74      4.00%     91.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               4      0.22%     91.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               8      0.43%     91.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              17      0.92%     92.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               8      0.43%     93.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               7      0.38%     93.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               1      0.05%     93.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               3      0.16%     93.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               8      0.43%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               8      0.43%     94.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               1      0.05%     94.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              15      0.81%     95.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.05%     95.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103            66      3.56%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.05%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             2      0.11%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             2      0.11%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.05%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.05%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             2      0.11%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             2      0.11%     99.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             1      0.05%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             3      0.16%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            1852                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      871326250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2180507500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    349115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       12479.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  31229.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.42                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.49                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         4.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      58948                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     33602                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   84.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     16356082.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      82.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   75161520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   40936500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 267891000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                134129520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89190744240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            36125026515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           799629184500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             925463073795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.948938                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1310373436000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45598540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9753765000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   76537440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   41650125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 276728400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                143169120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89190744240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35621035650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           799049139750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             924399004725                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.002289                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1311095993000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45598540000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      9016803000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4864865                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6190                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          126                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  429298                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3435007                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      688                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 165213                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8299872                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6878                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          210                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  594511                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2740787                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3088                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         104                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2743875                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928566651                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6425                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211440                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74803     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1880      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105703     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182589                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73436     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1880      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73436     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148955                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1820420159000     98.74%     98.74% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39420000      0.00%     98.75% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              369089000      0.02%     98.77% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22760564000      1.23%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1843589232000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981725                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694739                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815794                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4174      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175328     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6784      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5177      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192243                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5921                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1739                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1908                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1739                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322243                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080630                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.391144                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29996442500      1.63%      1.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2592008500      0.14%      1.77% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1811000779000     98.23%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   32582067                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     32582067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             30467910                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                163902                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     798063                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4326151                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    30467910                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       163902                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           42599897                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          22343202                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84869                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86282                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8329685                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4886081                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3443604                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              904742998.483282                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              23823652.516718                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.025656                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.974344                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5381713                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1604740      4.92%      4.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 21953707     67.37%     72.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   32143      0.10%     72.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     72.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  13006      0.04%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1630      0.01%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     72.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5016903     15.39%     87.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3446713     10.58%     98.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                520313      1.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  32589155                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1393262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13241810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1393774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.500687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   254.746834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   121.216845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   136.034134                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.497552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.236752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.265692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         63387052                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        63387052                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4025112                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1019452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2537983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7582547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3145682                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       772489                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1357389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5275560                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       114073                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19050                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        51169                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       184292                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       122917                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55400                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199331                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7170794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1791941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      3895372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        12858107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7170794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1791941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      3895372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       12858107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       726690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        86798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       548610                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1362098                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       165054                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        38388                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       671853                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       875295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9398                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2090                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7704                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19192                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total            4                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       891744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       125186                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1220463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2237393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       891744                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       125186                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1220463                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2237393                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2310299500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8894370000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11204669500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2132273000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29520003133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31652276133                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     27861500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    150264500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    178126000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       111000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       111000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4442572500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38414373133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42856945633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4442572500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  38414373133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42856945633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4751802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1106250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3086593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8944645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3310736                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       810877                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2029242                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6150855                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123471                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21140                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        58873                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       203484                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122918                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55403                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199335                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8062538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      1917127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5115835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15095500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8062538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      1917127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5115835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15095500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.152929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.177740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.152281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.331086                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.142305                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076115                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098865                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.130858                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.094317                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000008                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000054                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.238566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.148216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.110603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.238566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.148216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26616.966981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16212.555367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8226.037701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 55545.300615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 43938.187569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36161.838161                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13330.861244                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19504.737799                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9281.263026                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        37000                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total        27750                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35487.774192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31475.245979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19154.858191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35487.774192                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 31475.245979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19154.858191                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1652146                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2580                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            59796                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.629708                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           835859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       288357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       288357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       572581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       572581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         1582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         1582                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       860938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       860938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       860938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       860938                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        86798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       260253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       347051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        38388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        99272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       137660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2090                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         6122                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8212                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       359525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       484711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       125186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       359525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       484711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2223501500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4676661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6900162500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2093885000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4616741882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6710626882                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     25771500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     77436000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103207500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       108000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4317386500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9293402882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13610789382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4317386500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   9293402882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13610789382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    293417500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    298094000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    591511500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    372514000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    424017500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    796531500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    665931500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    722111500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1388043000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.078461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.084317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.047341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.048921                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022381                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.098865                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.103987                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040357                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000054                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.065299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.070277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25616.966981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17969.671819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19882.272346                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 54545.300615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46505.982372                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48747.834389                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12330.861244                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12648.807579                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12567.888456                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        36000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        36000                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34487.774192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25849.114476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28080.215597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 34487.774192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25849.114476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28080.215597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 220780.662152                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 225316.704460                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223043.552036                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 230231.149567                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 223402.265543                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226544.795222                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 225969.290804                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 224188.606023                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 225039.396887                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           963474                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.175730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           41537475                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           963985                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            43.089337                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10558559500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   261.250464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    81.956509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   167.968757                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.510255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.160071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.328064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         43482483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        43482483                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     32077013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7031290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2429172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       41537475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     32077013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7031290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2429172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        41537475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     32077013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7031290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2429172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       41537475                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       512142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       343493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       980843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       512142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       343493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        980843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       512142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       343493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       980843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899043000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5060933969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6959976969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899043000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5060933969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6959976969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1899043000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5060933969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6959976969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     32589155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7156498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      2772665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     42518318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     32589155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7156498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      2772665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     42518318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     32589155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7156498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      2772665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     42518318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.123886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017496                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.123886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017496                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.123886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15167.105936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14733.732475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7095.913382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15167.105936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14733.732475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7095.913382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 15167.105936                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14733.732475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7095.913382                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         8552                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              357                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.955182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       963474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           963474                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        16678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        16678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        16678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        16678                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       452023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       452023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       326815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       452023                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773835000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4488659473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6262494473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773835000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4488659473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6262494473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1773835000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4488659473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6262494473                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010631                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010631                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.117870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010631                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14167.105936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13734.557695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13854.371289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14167.105936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13734.557695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13854.371289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14167.105936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13734.557695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13854.371289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1125427                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1262                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           31                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  117717                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     832316                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      154                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          18                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  48434                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     1957743                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1416                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           49                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  166151                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     753702                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      636                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          28                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 754338                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953452897                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7155032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7155032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              6639972                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 39507                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     205327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       849342                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     6639972                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        39507                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9236476                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           4860513                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               20546                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              21005                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      1964570                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1130012                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    834558                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              924897585.359422                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              28555311.640577                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.029949                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.970051                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1119214                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               390317      5.45%      5.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4631234     64.71%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    7711      0.11%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   3307      0.05%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    440      0.01%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1158585     16.19%     86.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 835763     11.68%     98.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                129140      1.80%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7156497                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               10791906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         10058996                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           121698                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             8434906                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                6656118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            78.911585                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 298697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect              7721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3520448                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     12146                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          125                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  256305                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2173477                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     2690                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         124                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  93625                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5693925                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     14836                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          249                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  349930                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     553155                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     5226                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         187                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 558381                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numCycles                        32236279                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9243840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      40617547                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   10791906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6954815                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     20753592                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 401538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                       916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10212                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             2008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       193151                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        89388                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1068                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  2772679                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                90084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                      1                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          30494706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.331954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.325119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                21037778     68.99%     68.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  294298      0.97%     69.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  469114      1.54%     71.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 5033169     16.51%     88.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  879924      2.89%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  194801      0.64%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  230028      0.75%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  433107      1.42%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 1922487      6.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            30494706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.334775                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.259995                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7573321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             14126025                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7836977                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               524605                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                187915                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              174630                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                13216                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              37265458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                41467                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                187915                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7850244                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4676437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       6613578                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  8057400                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2863279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              36458401                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                57802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                368784                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 93789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1799072                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           24336413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             45554095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        45489801                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            60051                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             22465786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 1870627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            531021                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         62908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3828322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3503706                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2266582                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           453499                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          325031                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  33954893                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             679527                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 33661057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            16143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        2513373                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1127788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        486024                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     30494706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.103833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.612725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           18452821     60.51%     60.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2702851      8.86%     69.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1349809      4.43%     73.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            5753089     18.87%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1041578      3.42%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             588420      1.93%     98.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             396893      1.30%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             164409      0.54%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              44836      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       30494706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  81527     21.02%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     21.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                179819     46.37%     67.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               126481     32.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             3131      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             27465013     81.59%     81.60% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21327      0.06%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     81.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              22209      0.07%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     81.73% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1566      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     81.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3648084     10.84%     92.57% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2197360      6.53%     99.10% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            302367      0.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              33661057                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.044198                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     387827                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.011522                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          97956454                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         37027606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33043548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             264336                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            125822                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       122705                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              33904668                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 141085                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          200240                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       431120                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5749                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       178621                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4239                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       217381                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                187915                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4008679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               205535                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           35998675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            51747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3503706                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2266582                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            605109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12931                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               157162                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5749                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         59808                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       134012                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              193820                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             33465262                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3541255                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           195795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1364255                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     5722116                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 7732316                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2180861                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.038124                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      33208664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     33166253                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 19395256                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 23138933                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.028849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.838209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        2630446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         193503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           177071                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     30033551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.109504                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.847540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19200071     63.93%     63.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2226295      7.41%     71.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1158853      3.86%     75.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5473619     18.23%     93.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       589521      1.96%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       197097      0.66%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       164200      0.55%     96.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       162437      0.54%     97.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       861458      2.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     30033551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            33322350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              33322350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5160547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3072586                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      67946                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   7560075                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    120848                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 31822701                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              240099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1204434      3.61%      3.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        26541208     79.65%     83.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20874      0.06%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     83.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         21768      0.07%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1566      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3140532      9.42%     92.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2089601      6.27%     99.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       302367      0.91%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         33322350                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               861458                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    65049813                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   72365341                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         178213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1741573                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1747477665                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   32121047                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     32121047                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.003587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.003587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.996425                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.996425                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                43934131                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               23251716                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    74710                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   74652                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                5374912                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                272966                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51364                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5196                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2564500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               116500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               55500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             6287500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2121000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy            84230549                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             8820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            16458000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.261273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1694926918000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.261273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              173                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9458962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9458962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2126843587                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2126843587                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9458962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total      9458962                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9458962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total      9458962                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54676.080925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54676.080925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 51185.107504                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51185.107504                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54676.080925                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54676.080925                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54676.080925                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54676.080925                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            31                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     5.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        16272                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        16272                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6008962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1313243587                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1313243587                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6008962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6008962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6008962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.391606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.391606                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 87086.405797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87086.405797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 80705.726831                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80705.726831                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 87086.405797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87086.405797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 87086.405797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87086.405797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337614                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65425.004009                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4005267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   402776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.944155                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54894.973613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2664.591905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     2878.625445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      441.912379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      553.808439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2003.360689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     1987.731539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.837631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.040658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.043924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.006743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.008450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.030569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.030330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.998306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         6136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2779                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55356                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.994293                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38412750                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38412750                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       835859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          835859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       963177                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          963177                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data               3                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data               9                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  13                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data             2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                 2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90398                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            24435                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            72282                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               187115                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        504328                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        122989                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        322557                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            949874                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       485259                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        78702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       253717                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           817678                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              504328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              575657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              122989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              103137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              322557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              325999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1954667                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             504328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             575657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             122989                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             103137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             322557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             325999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1954667                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             8                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            14                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total               2                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          13952                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          27192                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115789                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7793                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14243                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       250829                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        10186                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12435                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273450                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            325474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             24138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             39627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7793                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           325474                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            24138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4231                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            39627                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403482                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       574000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       574000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total        80500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1779331000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3689980500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5469311500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    292933000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    566377000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    859310000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1287928500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1552705500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2840634000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    292933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3067259500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    566377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5242686000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      9169255500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    292933000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3067259500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    566377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5242686000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     9169255500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       835859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       835859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       963177                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       963177                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           11                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           23                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              35                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data            3                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total             4                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       165043                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        38387                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        99474                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       512121                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       125208                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       326788                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        964117                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       736088                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        88888                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       266152                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1091128                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          512121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          901131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          125208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          127275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          326788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          365626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2358149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         512121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         901131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         125208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         127275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         326788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         365626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2358149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.727273                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.608696                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.628571                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.500000                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.452276                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.363456                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273358                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382263                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.015217                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017723                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012947                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014773                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.340760                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114594                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046721                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250612                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.015217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.361184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.017723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.189652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.012947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.108381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.171101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.015217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.361184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.017723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.189652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.012947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.108381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.171101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        41000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26090.909091                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        80500                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        40250                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127532.325115                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135700.959841                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47235.156189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132011.266336                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 133863.625620                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60332.092958                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 126441.046534                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 124865.741858                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10388.129457                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132011.266336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127071.816223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 133863.625620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132300.855477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22725.314884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132011.266336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127071.816223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 133863.625620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 132300.855477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22725.314884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75211                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75211                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        13952                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        27192                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41144                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6450                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        10186                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12435                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        22621                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            70215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        24138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4231                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        39627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           70215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1898                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3516                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6168                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data      1004500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1004500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        70500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1639811000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3418060500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5057871500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270743000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524067000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794810000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1186068500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1461566500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2647635000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2825879500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4879627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8500316500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    270743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2825879500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    524067000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4879627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8500316500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    276798000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    281540000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    558338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    353898000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    402187000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    756085000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    630696000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    683727000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1314423000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.608696                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.400000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.363456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.273358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135832                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017723                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.114594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.046721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.108381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.029775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.017723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.189652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.012947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.108381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        71750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        71750                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        70500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        70500                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117532.325115                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 125700.959841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122930.961987                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122011.266336                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 123863.625620                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 123226.356589                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 116441.046534                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 117536.509851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117043.234163                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122011.266336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117071.816223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 123863.625620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123138.945668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121061.261839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122011.266336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117071.816223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 123863.625620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 123138.945668                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121061.261839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 208275.395034                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 212804.232804                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 210534.690799                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 218725.587145                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 211900.421496                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 215041.240046                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214012.894469                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 212271.654766                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213103.599222                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       116723                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq              2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             162                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115651                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        287866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio          512                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1177708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1302629                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30604608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30650192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33314576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              159                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            840768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  840768    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              840768                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            11147000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           348692458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy              315000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          375048955                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           27286702                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4714972                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2357166                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1609                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1129                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1129                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2062235                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9812                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       878682                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       963177                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          599628                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              35                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq             4                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             39                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302904                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302904                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        964165                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1091197                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError          256                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        16272                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2891480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4214095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7105575                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    123348160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142745680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              266093840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          421214                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4208473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031334                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                4204337     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4136      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4208473                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1783329500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            99462                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         678448171                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         743541954                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
