
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000541                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   540820000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  540820000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               74356212                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 274932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 88157                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 82701                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 84142                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 82645                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 83993                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 79749                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 78765                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 84222                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               664374                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       426368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5567                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5462                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5447                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5329                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5531                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5421                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            470013                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  11108                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10881                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10936                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  11102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10890                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10914                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  11079                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6662                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5567                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5462                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5416                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5447                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5329                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5472                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5531                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5421                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50307                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                163006176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                152917792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                155582264                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                152814245                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                155306756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                147459413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                145639954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                155730187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1228456788                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         788373211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10293628                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                10099479                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                10014423                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                10071743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                 9853556                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10117969                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                10227063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10023668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              869074738                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         788373211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               173299804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               163017270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               165596687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               162885988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               165160312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               157577382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               155867017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               165753855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2097531526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99596                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55268                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22066                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.486377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13717                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22459                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.610757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      391.486377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.764622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.767578                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338295                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338295                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1162                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0               10040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total              10040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0              10040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total             10040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23899                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    603408975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    603408975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    722750184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    722750184                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1326159159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1326159159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1326159159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1326159159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          45356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.804260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.953633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.857421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.857421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16541.723093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16541.723093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 30241.858823                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30241.858823                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21964.641486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21964.641486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21964.641486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21964.641486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       828428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62795                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.192579                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    566933975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566933975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    698852184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    698852184                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1265786159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265786159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1265786159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265786159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    722511018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    722511018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    853790554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    853790554                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1576301572                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1576301572                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.804260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.953633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.857421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.857421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 15541.805335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15541.805335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 29241.900665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29241.900665                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20964.707736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20964.707736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20964.707736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20964.707736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 73091.655842                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73091.655842                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 153366.365008                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 153366.365008                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 102012.786177                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102012.786177                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98929                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55238                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22532                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.132482                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.586106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      392.132482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.765884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338385                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338385                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1152                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           24198                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24198                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    602891984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    602891984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    733995398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    733995398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1336887382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1336887382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1336887382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1336887382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         25350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.805601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954556                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.859252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.859252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16619.124624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16619.124624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 30332.895198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30332.895198                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 22106.446995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22106.446995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 22106.446995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22106.446995                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       828861                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.186665                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        24198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    566614984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566614984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    709800398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    709800398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1276415382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276415382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1276415382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1276415382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    713705140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    713705140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    858653101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    858653101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1572358241                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1572358241                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.805601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954556                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954556                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859252                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.859252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859252                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 15619.124624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15619.124624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 29333.019175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29333.019175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 21106.496602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21106.496602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 21106.496602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21106.496602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 73268.159327                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73268.159327                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 157176.112209                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157176.112209                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 103417.406012                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 103417.406012                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99726                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55227                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.100704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13463                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.591780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      393.100704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.767775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          410                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.800781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338035                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338035                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9766                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9766                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23922                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60544                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    606579368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    606579368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    739451035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    739451035                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1346030403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1346030403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1346030403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1346030403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.808808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.955695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955695                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.861101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.861101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16563.250724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16563.250724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30910.920283                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30910.920283                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 22232.267491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22232.267491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 22232.267491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22232.267491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       834628                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63193                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.207602                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9768                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23922                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15191                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15191                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    569957368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569957368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    715531035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    715531035                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1285488403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285488403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1285488403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1285488403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    714145091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    714145091                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    834952155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    834952155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1549097246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1549097246                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.808808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.955695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.861101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.861101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 15563.250724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15563.250724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 29911.003888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29911.003888                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 21232.300525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21232.300525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 21232.300525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21232.300525                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 73065.796092                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73065.796092                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 154135.527968                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 154135.527968                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 101974.672240                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 101974.672240                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99494                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54686                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22431                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.658378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22832                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.586589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      392.658378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.766911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          389                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337999                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337999                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1106                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9721                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23974                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23974                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60568                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    607642440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    607642440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    730577546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    730577546                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1338219986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1338219986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1338219986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1338219986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         25080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.809441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955901                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.861700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.861700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16604.974586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16604.974586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 30473.744306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30473.744306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 22094.505118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22094.505118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 22094.505118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22094.505118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63208                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.187967                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9871                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23974                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15263                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    571049440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    571049440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    706605546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    706605546                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1277654986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277654986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1277654986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1277654986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    718813002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    718813002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    842609106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    842609106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1561422108                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1561422108                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.809441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.955901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955901                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.861700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 15605.001913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15605.001913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 29473.827730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29473.827730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 21094.554649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21094.554649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 21094.554649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21094.554649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 73243.631751                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73243.631751                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 154635.548908                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 154635.548908                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 102301.127432                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102301.127432                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           99490                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54928                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.439470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      391.439470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.764530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.769531                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337649                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337649                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1145                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36462                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    604688688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    604688688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    724847511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    724847511                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1329536199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1329536199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1329536199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1329536199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25073                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.807503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.954333                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954333                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.859926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.859926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16584.078986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16584.078986                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 30292.858200                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30292.858200                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 22015.833731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22015.833731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 22015.833731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22015.833731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       834109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.214027                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15275                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15275                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    568228688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568228688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    700919511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    700919511                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1269148199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1269148199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1269148199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1269148199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    727166434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    727166434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    837934166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    837934166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1565100600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1565100600                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.807503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.954333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954333                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 15584.133838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15584.133838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 29292.858200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29292.858200                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 21015.866849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21015.866849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 21015.866849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21015.866849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 73111.445204                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73111.445204                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 157240.413961                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157240.413961                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 102461.577741                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102461.577741                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99495                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55318                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22409                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.682039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22790                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.587670                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      392.682039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.766957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.744141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36329                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           24118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60447                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    601479868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    601479868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    729882091                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    729882091                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1331361959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1331361959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1331361959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1331361959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          44966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25264                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70230                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70230                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.807922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.954639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954639                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.860701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.860701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16556.466404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16556.466404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 30262.960901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30262.960901                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 22025.277665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22025.277665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 22025.277665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22025.277665                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       826632                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62727                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.178249                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9995                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        24118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24118                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5473                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15271                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15271                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    565152868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565152868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    705764091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    705764091                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1270916959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1270916959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1270916959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1270916959                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    717311081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    717311081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    861132955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    861132955                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1578444036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1578444036                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.807922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.954639                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954639                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.860701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 15556.521457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15556.521457                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 29262.960901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29262.960901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 21025.310752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21025.310752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 21025.310752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21025.310752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 73209.949071                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73209.949071                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 157342.034533                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157342.034533                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 103362.192129                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 103362.192129                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55059                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.741535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22720                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.592033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      390.741535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.763167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338536                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1150                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23795                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60528                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    609896687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    609896687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    716784676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    716784676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1326681363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1326681363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1326681363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1326681363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24945                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807958                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953899                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16603.508752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16603.508752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 30123.331624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30123.331624                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21918.473483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21918.473483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21918.473483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21918.473483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       822803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62827                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.096328                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9777                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15369                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15369                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    573164687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    573164687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    692991676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692991676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1266156363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266156363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1266156363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266156363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    718909036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    718909036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    867837123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    867837123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1586746159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1586746159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807958                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.953899                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953899                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 15603.535976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15603.535976                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 29123.415676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29123.415676                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20918.523047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20918.523047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20918.523047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20918.523047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 73082.142523                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73082.142523                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 156875.835683                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 156875.835683                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 103243.292277                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 103243.292277                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99734                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54921                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.290074                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13499                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594329                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      392.290074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.766192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.750000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338596                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338596                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1165                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23790                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60474                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60474                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    611011013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    611011013                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    715403706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    715403706                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1326414719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1326414719                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1326414719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1326414719                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70434                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70434                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.806614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953316                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.858591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.858591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16656.062943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16656.062943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 30071.614376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30071.614376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21933.636257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21933.636257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21933.636257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21933.636257                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       829723                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               63058                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.158093                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9746                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15339                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15339                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    574327013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574327013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    691615706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    691615706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1265942719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265942719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1265942719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265942719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    726668427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    726668427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    847371643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    847371643                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1574040070                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1574040070                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.806614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953316                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 15656.062943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15656.062943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 29071.698445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29071.698445                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20933.669329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20933.669329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20933.669329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20933.669329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 73267.637326                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 73267.637326                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 156312.791551                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 156312.791551                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 102616.863550                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102616.863550                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    14328                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  791.177993                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     163940                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    15120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.842593                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     732.189847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             7.660754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.418431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.928491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.181835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             7.391664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             6.508374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.134486                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             7.764111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.715029                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.007481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.007743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.007218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.006356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.006967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.007582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.772635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          792                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          650                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.773438                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2105170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2105170                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77576                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total           77576                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  276                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  259                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  279                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  261                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  303                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  269                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  289                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2227                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1751                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1771                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1804                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1773                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1863                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1769                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1750                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1757                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                14238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10760                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10778                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             10893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             11049                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             10672                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10913                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             11141                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10949                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            87155                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12706                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  101393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12511                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12549                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12535                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12682                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12891                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12706                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 101393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               2046                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2029                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2111                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2056                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2033                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2090                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2030                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1987                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16382                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4599                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4725                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4817                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4668                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4596                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4594                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4557                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37067                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             771                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             709                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             779                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             699                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             722                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             759                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5969                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5586                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 43036                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5370                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5486                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5586                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5377                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5375                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5293                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5233                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5316                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                43036                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     72840477                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     70862981                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     74683475                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     72897976                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     72564980                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     68905302                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     71238981                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     72107979                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    576102151                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     293596847                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     301266861                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     306960376                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     297631356                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     293263365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     292806382                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     287321715                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     290617373                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2363464275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     53018410                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     52427412                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     53340392                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     48936413                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     53163418                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     48227901                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     50021405                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     52163904                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    411299255                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        346615257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        353694273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        360300768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        346567769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        346426783                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        341034283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        337343120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        342781277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2774763530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       346615257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       353694273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       360300768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       346567769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       346426783                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       341034283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       337343120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       342781277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2774763530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77576                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77576                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2322                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2288                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2390                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2317                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2336                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2359                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2321                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2276                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18609                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6496                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6621                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6441                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6459                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6261                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6314                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            51305                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11531                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11539                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11662                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11758                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11451                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11612                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11863                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11708                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        93124                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                18035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                18283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                18199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                18124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                18022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              144429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               18035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               18283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               18199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               18124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               18022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             144429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.881137                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.886801                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.883264                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.887354                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.870291                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.885969                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.874623                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.873023                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.880327                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.724252                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.727371                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.727534                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.724732                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.711565                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.721986                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.720492                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.721729                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.722483                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.066863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.065950                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.065941                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.060299                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.068029                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.060196                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.060862                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.064827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064097                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.300319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.304186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.305530                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.295456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.300112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.294465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.288733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.294973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.297973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.300319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.304186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.305530                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.295456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.300112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.294465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.288733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.294973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.297973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 35601.406158                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 34925.076885                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 35378.244908                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 35456.214008                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 35693.546483                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 32969.044019                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 35093.094089                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 36289.873679                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35166.777622                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 63839.279626                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 63760.182222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 63724.387793                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 63759.930591                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 63808.390992                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 63736.696125                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 63693.574595                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 63773.836515                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63761.952006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 68765.771725                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 68892.788436                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 69363.318596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 69021.739069                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 68245.722721                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 68995.566524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 69281.724377                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 68727.146245                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68905.889596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 64546.602793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 64472.160591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 64500.674544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 64453.741678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 64451.494512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 64431.188929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 64464.574814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 64481.052859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64475.405010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 64546.602793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 64472.160591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 64500.674544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 64453.741678                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 64451.494512                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 64431.188929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 64464.574814                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 64481.052859                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64475.405010                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             37689                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     7229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5.213584                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6662                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              8                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2           12                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7            8                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           72                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1261                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1261                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          2045                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2024                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2111                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2055                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2032                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2090                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2030                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1987                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16374                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4592                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4720                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4593                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4505                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4551                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         37022                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          762                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          752                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          757                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          765                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          694                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          714                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          751                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5354                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5472                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5284                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5567                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5462                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5447                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5329                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5472                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5532                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15452                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15203                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15190                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15260                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15274                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15270                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15369                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15339                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122357                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    109082461                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    108150960                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    112626780                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    109540787                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    108317960                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    111427287                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    108309961                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    105900964                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    873357160                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    247432848                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    253923362                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    258718876                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    250876356                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    247138365                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    246828882                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    242219215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    244887373                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1992025277                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     45035910                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     44634913                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     45307393                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     41572414                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     44985419                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     41094402                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     42561407                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     44302905                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    349494763                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    292468758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    298558275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    304026269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    292448770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    292123784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    287923284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    284780622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    289190278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2341520040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    292468758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    298558275                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    304026269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    292448770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    292123784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    287923284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    284780622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    289190278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2341520040                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    521573114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    514181757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    515732776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    517979251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    524791253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    517494740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    519233265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    524055269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4155041425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    302263386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    299275381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    295496378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    297456387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    290732905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    298997210                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    303692889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    296080198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2383994734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    823836500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    813457138                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    811229154                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    815435638                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    815524158                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    816491950                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    822926154                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    820135467                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6539036159                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.880706                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.883264                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.886923                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.869863                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.885969                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.874623                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.873023                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879897                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.723150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.726601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.726476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.723645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.711101                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.721358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.719534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.720779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.066083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.065170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.064912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.059704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.066806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.059766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.060187                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.064144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.299424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.303410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.304491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.294687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.299162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.293964                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.287961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.294196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.297163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.299424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.303410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.304491                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.294687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.299162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.293964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.287961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.294196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.297163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 53341.056724                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 53434.268775                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 53352.335386                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 53304.519221                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 53306.082677                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 53314.491388                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 53354.660591                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 53296.911928                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53338.045682                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 53883.459930                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 53797.322458                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 53787.708108                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 53824.577558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 53807.612671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 53775.355556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 53766.751387                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 53809.574379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53806.527929                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 59102.244094                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 59354.937500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 59851.245707                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 59219.962963                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 58804.469281                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 59213.835735                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 59609.813725                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 58991.884154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59266.536035                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 54626.215540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 54561.088268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 54612.227232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 54530.816707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 54521.049645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 54489.644966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 54566.127994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 54543.620898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54556.724062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 54626.215540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 54561.088268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 54612.227232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 54530.816707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 54521.049645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 54489.644966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 54566.127994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 54543.620898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54556.724062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 52764.098533                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 52785.315368                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 52765.784326                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 52785.004688                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 52769.356762                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 52816.364564                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 52783.700823                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 52838.805102                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 52788.573706                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 54295.560625                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 54792.270414                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 54559.892541                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 54609.213696                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 54556.747044                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 54641.302997                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 54897.485358                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 54617.265818                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 54621.150483                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 53315.849081                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 53506.356509                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 53405.474259                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 53436.149279                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 53392.965693                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 53470.330714                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 53544.547726                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 53467.336006                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 53442.272686                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        127545                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       121489                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78710                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6662                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            60944                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           50160                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             49324                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3261                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       428122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 428122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1134381                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1134381                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            56843                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            246442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  246442    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              246442                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           292771939                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              54.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          296967000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             54.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       667370                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       284034                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       336982                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12889                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5997                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6892                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78711                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            370868                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            5                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43646                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43643                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        84238                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20479                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29389                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29387                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162232                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162225                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       292173                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122572                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122851                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122953                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122545                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122678                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                981914                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1769628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1794530                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1801428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1802844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1789097                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1796324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1791880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1784489                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14330220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          335082                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           628739                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.148986                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.990092                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 176143     28.02%     28.02% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 257926     41.02%     69.04% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 134453     21.38%     90.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  47224      7.51%     97.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  11211      1.78%     99.72% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   1632      0.26%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    146      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      4      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             628739                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          500695190                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             92.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         101141048                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         101214213                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         101195728                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         101296930                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         101179412                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         101203668                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         101388789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         101354632                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            18.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
