
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.152314                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5152313559000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5152313559000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 120887                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   238950                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1530523119                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 767492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3366.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   406949634                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     804396566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1035776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10724352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11792896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1035776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1035776                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9542784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9542784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16184                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             167568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                184264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          149106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               149106                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               201031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2081463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2288854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          201031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             201031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1852136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1852136                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1852136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           795                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              201031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2081463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4140990                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        184264                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       149106                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      184264                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     149106                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11780160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     12736                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9541632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11792896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9542784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      199                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          58128                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               12318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               11084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               11123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               11029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              11540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              11371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              12384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              12484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              11992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              12225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                9059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                9052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                8752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               8756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           6                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5152313509500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  184264                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 149106                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    169844                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        61                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2273                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2969                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7394                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     7367                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     8312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     8280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     9465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     9927                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    11756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     9034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     8612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7664                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7491                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      240                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      172                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      148                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        73162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      291.431727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     174.195666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     313.031817                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          28160     38.49%     38.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17784     24.31%     62.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7754     10.60%     73.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4294      5.87%     79.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2960      4.05%     83.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2393      3.27%     86.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1365      1.87%     88.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1117      1.53%     89.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7335     10.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          73162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        25.269357                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      562.815412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           7283     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.467875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.652190                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       13.050833                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            6239     85.65%     85.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             170      2.33%     87.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              40      0.55%     88.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             173      2.38%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              22      0.30%     91.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             151      2.07%     93.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             103      1.41%     94.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              10      0.14%     94.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              24      0.33%     95.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              33      0.45%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               7      0.10%     95.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               8      0.11%     95.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             223      3.06%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               4      0.05%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               9      0.12%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              29      0.40%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               2      0.03%     99.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               2      0.03%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             6      0.08%     99.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.03%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             3      0.04%     99.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            18      0.25%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2101117298                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5552336048                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    920325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11415.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30165.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        22.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     150235                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    109755                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     15455240.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  269725680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  147171750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 705252600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                484710480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           336523814640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           132965791830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2974749226500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             3445845693480                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.796291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4948684136224                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    172046940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     31582322276                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  283379040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  154621500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 730446600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                481379760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           336523814640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           133234904790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2974513162500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             3445921708830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.811045                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4948281584736                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    172046940000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     31981299014                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                86361942                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          86361942                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            844867                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             79712463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                77809670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.612929                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1539914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             177576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numCycles                        465537238                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27283425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      426658175                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    86361942                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           79349584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     433433945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1774834                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                     138611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                62197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        198243                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           56                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          777                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8943730                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                426192                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    4516                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          462004671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.822565                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.015508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                297416009     64.38%     64.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2127138      0.46%     64.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 72011199     15.59%     80.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1542030      0.33%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2092912      0.45%     81.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2282044      0.49%     81.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1471797      0.32%     82.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1847192      0.40%     82.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 81214350     17.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            462004671                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.185510                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.916486                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 22519882                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             281035605                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 150243041                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               7318726                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 887417                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              834212570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 887417                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 25306548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               229981312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       14515163                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 154096108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              37218123                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              830907338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                454391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               12058587                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 208124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               22290402                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           992604792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1804097397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1109074070                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               286                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             961885827                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 30718963                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             460377                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         463475                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  38191150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17040621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10018939                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1267546                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1072117                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  825695768                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1151715                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 820812543                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            215202                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        22450912                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33825927                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         141995                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     462004671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.776633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.399879                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           278825933     60.35%     60.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            13663917      2.96%     63.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9689323      2.10%     65.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             6980180      1.51%     66.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            74150960     16.05%     82.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4285873      0.93%     83.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            72643996     15.72%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1183653      0.26%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              580836      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       462004671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 1923038     72.06%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     72.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 586062     21.96%     94.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                159510      5.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            284391      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             792925473     96.60%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               149981      0.02%     96.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                126333      0.02%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  89      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             18051798      2.20%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             9274478      1.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              820812543                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.763151                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     2668610                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003251                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2106513130                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         849310448                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    816528938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 438                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                438                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          154                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              823196553                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     209                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1863533                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3085538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14402                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13954                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1597584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2095829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         68627                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 887417                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               206161533                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              15636111                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           826847483                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            165160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17040642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10018939                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             682638                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 383814                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              14427518                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          13954                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         477334                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       506558                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               983892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             819301527                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              17680087                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1386795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     26745143                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 82994335                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9065056                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.759905                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      818828086                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     816529092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 638693519                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1046716801                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.753950                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.610188                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        22326581                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1009720                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            855503                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    458638769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.753878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.647523                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    288181414     62.83%     62.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11088145      2.42%     65.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3640328      0.79%     66.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     74471829     16.24%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2429591      0.53%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1624239      0.35%     83.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1000805      0.22%     83.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     70851455     15.45%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5350963      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    458638769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            406949634                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              804396566                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       22376458                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      13955103                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      448031                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   82000860                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 733378889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1155590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       171811      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        781584496     97.16%     97.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          144575      0.02%     97.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121797      0.02%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             16      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        13952516      1.73%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8421355      1.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         804396566                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               5350963                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1279932650                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1656830555                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          287928                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3532567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   9839087291                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                   406949634                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     804396566                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.143968                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.143968                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.874151                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.874151                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1088094227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               653527011                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       154                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 414885669                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                320973068                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               264298420                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 400155                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1656768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.992170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18961019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1657280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.441047                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          65644500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.992170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          303                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          87666283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         87666283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     10818711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        10818711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8076378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8076378                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data        63033                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         63033                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      18895089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18895089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     18958122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        18958122                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1802383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1802383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       335313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       335313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       406423                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406423                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2137696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2137696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2544119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2544119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30109912500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30109912500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21130469723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21130469723                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  51240382223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51240382223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  51240382223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51240382223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     12621094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12621094                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8411691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8411691                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       469456                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       469456                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21032785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21032785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21502241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21502241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.865732                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.865732                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16705.612792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16705.612792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 63017.150313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63017.150313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23969.910700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23969.910700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20140.717562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20140.717562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       552645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.564200                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1559051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1559051                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       836185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       836185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        44844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        44844                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       881029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       881029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       881029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       881029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       966198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       966198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       290469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       290469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       402930                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       402930                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1256667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1256667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1659597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1659597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       587362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       587362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14276500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14276500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19191766223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19191766223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6799993500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6799993500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33468266223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33468266223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40268259723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40268259723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  98146110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  98146110500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2778958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2778958000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 100925068500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 100925068500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076554                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034532                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.858291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059748                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14775.956895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14775.956895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66071.650410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66071.650410                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16876.364381                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16876.364381                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26632.565527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26632.565527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24263.878353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24263.878353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 171147.264848                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171147.264848                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 199896.273917                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199896.273917                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 171827.711871                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171827.711871                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        70166                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.821895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       109067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        70181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.554082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 199860126500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    15.821895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.988868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       431964                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       431964                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       109068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       109068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       109068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       109068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       109068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       109068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        71276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        71276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        71276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        71276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        71276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        71276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    917687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    917687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    917687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    917687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    917687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    917687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       180344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       180344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       180344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       180344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       180344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       180344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.395222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.395222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.395222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.395222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.395222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.395222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12875.119255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12875.119255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12875.119255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12875.119255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12875.119255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12875.119255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        21382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        21382                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        71276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        71276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        71276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    846411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    846411000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    846411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    846411000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    846411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    846411000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.395222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.395222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.395222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11875.119255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11875.119255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11875.119255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11875.119255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11875.119255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11875.119255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            977252                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.169999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             7899773                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            977764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.079427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      150383300500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.169999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.994473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           9921559                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          9921559                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      7899773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7899773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       7899773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7899773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7899773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7899773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1043950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1043950                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1043950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1043950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1043950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1043950                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15700851982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15700851982                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15700851982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15700851982                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15700851982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15700851982                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8943723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8943723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8943723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8943723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8943723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8943723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.116724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.116724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.116724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.116724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.116724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.116724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15039.850550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15039.850550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15039.850550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15039.850550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15039.850550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15039.850550                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        15298                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          183                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               490                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.220408                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    91.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       977252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            977252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        66114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       977836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       977836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       977836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       977836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       977836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       977836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13829997488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13829997488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13829997488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13829997488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13829997488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13829997488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.109332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.109332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.109332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14143.473433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14143.473433                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14143.473433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14143.473433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14143.473433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14143.473433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        13555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     6.033283                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        24087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        13571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.774888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5119783334000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     6.033283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.377080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.377080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses        91500                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses        91500                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        24085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        24085                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        24087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        24087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        24087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        24087                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        14442                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        14442                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        14442                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    176053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176053500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    176053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    176053500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    176053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    176053500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        38527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        38527                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        38529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        38529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        38529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        38529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.374854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.374854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.374835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.374835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.374835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.374835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12190.382219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12190.382219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12190.382219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12190.382219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12190.382219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12190.382219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14442                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    161611500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    161611500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    161611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    161611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    161611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    161611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.374854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.374835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.374835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11190.382219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11190.382219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11190.382219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11190.382219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11190.382219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11190.382219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           111866                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64806.585136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4895184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           176146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            27.790492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 50665.331172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    16.461611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.139358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3133.879154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 10990.773840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.773092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.047819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.167706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          693                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6095                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        54078                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980835                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         43505464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        43505464                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1583079                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1583079                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       976106                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       976106                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          322                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          322                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       155501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       155501                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       961509                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       961509                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        64508                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12006                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1332683                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1409197                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        64508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       961509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1488184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2526207                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        64508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       961509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1488184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2526207                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1468                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       132819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       132819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        16187                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        16187                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        35692                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        35761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       168511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        184767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16187                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       168511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       184767                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     60416500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     60416500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16987025000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16987025000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2173573500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2173573500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      9251500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       665000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4801171500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4811088000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      9251500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       665000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2173573500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  21788196500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23971686500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      9251500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       665000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2173573500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  21788196500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23971686500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1583079                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1583079                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       976106                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       976106                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1790                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1790                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       288320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       288320                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       977696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       977696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        64572                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12011                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1368375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1444958                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        64572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       977696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1656695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2710974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        64572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       977696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1656695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2710974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.820112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.820112                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.460665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.460665                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016556                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.016556                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000416                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026083                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024749                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.068155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.068155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41155.653951                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41155.653951                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 127896.046499                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127896.046499                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 134278.958423                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134278.958423                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 144554.687500                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       133000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 134516.740446                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134534.492883                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 144554.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       133000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 134278.958423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 129298.363312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129740.086163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 144554.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       133000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 134278.958423                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 129298.363312                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129740.086163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       102439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           102439                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1468                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       132819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       132819                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16184                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        16184                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35690                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        35759                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       168509                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       184762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           64                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       168509                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       184762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13902                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       587362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       587362                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    104998500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104998500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15658835000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15658835000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2011501500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2011501500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      8611500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       615000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4444509500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4453736000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      8611500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2011501500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20103344500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22124072500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      8611500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2011501500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20103344500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22124072500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  90977820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  90977820000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2619013000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2619013000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  93596833000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  93596833000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.820112                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.820112                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.460665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101714                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101714                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.068153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71524.863760                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71524.863760                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117896.046499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117896.046499                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124289.514335                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124289.514335                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 134554.687500                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       123000                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124530.947044                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124548.673061                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 134554.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       123000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124289.514335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119301.310316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119743.629642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 134554.687500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       123000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124289.514335                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119301.310316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119743.629642                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 158647.194225                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158647.194225                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 188391.094807                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 188391.094807                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 159351.188875                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159351.188875                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5440904                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2708527                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        66581                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1244                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1244                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         573460                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       3006380                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         13902                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        13902                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1732191                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       976106                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       117351                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2287                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2287                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       288332                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       288332                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       977836                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1455618                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq         1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2931638                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6148755                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        31077                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       165763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           9277233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    125043328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    207521115                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       938048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      5501056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          339003547                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      219501                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3519248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.019893                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.161869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            3461036     98.35%     98.35% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1              46415      1.32%     99.66% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2              11797      0.34%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3519248                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5581428473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       673784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1468574841                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3067922715                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      21677471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     106983360                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               212021                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              212021                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57726                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57726                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       400004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         2128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       444236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  542788                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide-pciconf          221                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       200002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pciconfig.pio         4256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       228398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3262802                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              3986144                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                43000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy             10452000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy               146500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy              1029000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                94000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                58500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy                32500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy            300003000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy             1174500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.occupancy              212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer11.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy            24568000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy               10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy               11500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy           241169809                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy             1085500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           433230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            50170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1647000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47574                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.140717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         4999394542000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.140717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.008795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.008795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428661                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428661                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              909                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147582673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147582673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6073068136                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   6073068136                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147582673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    147582673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    147582673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    147582673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            909                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162357.176018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162357.176018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 129988.615925                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129988.615925                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162357.176018                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162357.176018                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 162357.176018                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162357.176018                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           921                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  104                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     8.855769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102132673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102132673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3737068136                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3737068136                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102132673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102132673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    102132673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102132673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 112357.176018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112357.176018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 79988.615925                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79988.615925                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 112357.176018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112357.176018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 112357.176018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112357.176018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              573460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             626308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13902                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       149106                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             9689                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2235                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1738                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            132555                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           132549                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         52852                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1647                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         3294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       444236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio       730488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       484041                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio            8                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1658773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1803882                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         6588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6588                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       228398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio      1460973                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     18320640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     20010011                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3015040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3015040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23031639                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1655                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            982723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.001676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.040904                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  981076     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1647      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              982723                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           338949500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           369068500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3985856                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          1013663510                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy                5500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            2338856                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2140705292                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           85841188                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           29                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
