
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059474                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59473862000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                59473862000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 342067                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   342067                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              230037089                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 307480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   258.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    88438073                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            432448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10149376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             10581824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       432448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          432448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7325760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7325760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               6757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             158584                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                165341                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          114465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               114465                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              7271228                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            170652715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               177923942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         7271228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            7271228                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         123176127                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              123176127                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         123176127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             7271228                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           170652715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              301100070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        165341                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       114465                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      165341                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     114465                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 10581376                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                       448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7323904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  10581824                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7325760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          14983                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               10312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               10206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               10057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               10348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                9776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               10207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               10607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              10498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              10228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              10274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              10561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              10464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              10564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               6992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                     59473838000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  165341                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 114465                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    163748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      1560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     6204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     7009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     7043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     7065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7061                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     7072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     7119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     7212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7227                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     7132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     7341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7041                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        54714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      327.237051                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     194.297949                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     330.344141                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          19597     35.82%     35.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11811     21.59%     57.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5572     10.18%     67.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3684      6.73%     74.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2893      5.29%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2049      3.74%     83.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1621      2.96%     86.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1502      2.75%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5985     10.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          54714                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        23.479761                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      336.363256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           7038     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            2      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::27648-28671            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.252805                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.237164                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.745060                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               6251     88.78%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                 16      0.23%     89.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                606      8.61%     97.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                134      1.90%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 28      0.40%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  4      0.06%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24                  1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::26                  1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1980163000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5080175500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    826670000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11976.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30726.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         177.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                         123.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      177.92                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                      123.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           2.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       1.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     143867                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     81182                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   87.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  70.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       212553.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  199175760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  108677250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 636448800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                369204480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy             3884381280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            12421725570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy            24786732000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy              42406345140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              713.051581                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    41087166750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      1985880000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     16398707250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  214341120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  116952000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 652938000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                372237120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy             3884381280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            13062187260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy            24224923500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy              42527960280                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              715.096508                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    40147172500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      1985880000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     17338598750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                14666171                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           9489023                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            386095                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              9897790                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6385525                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             64.514654                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1708105                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              84877                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     20569903                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      97320                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                            10                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 20667223                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    14665328                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      9407                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                14674735                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     35235231                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     106727                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                            10                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                 35341958                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    25606544                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      5228                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                25611772                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 4583                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        118947724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    88438073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      88438073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       1106117                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.344983                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.743504                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                        91473408                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        27474316                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            200766                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4070.683377                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            34616213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            204862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            168.973324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         687575500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4070.683377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.993819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993819                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          687                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3361                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          70176360                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         70176360                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     20282952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        20282952                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     14333261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       14333261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      34616213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         34616213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     34616213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        34616213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data        89420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         89420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       280116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       280116                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       369536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         369536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       369536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        369536                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4768019500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4768019500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21708920500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21708920500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  26476940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26476940000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  26476940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26476940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     20372372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20372372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14613377                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     34985749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     34985749                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     34985749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     34985749                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004389                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.019168                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.010562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.010562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 53321.622679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53321.622679                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77499.751889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77499.751889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71649.149203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71649.149203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 71649.149203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71649.149203                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       168423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            168423                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        28115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        28115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       136559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       136559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       164674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       164674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       164674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        61305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        61305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       143557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       143557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       204862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       204862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   2680071500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2680071500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  10970928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10970928000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13650999500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13650999500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  13650999500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13650999500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009824                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005856                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 43717.013294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43717.013294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 76422.104112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76422.104112                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66635.098261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66635.098261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66635.098261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66635.098261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            152856                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1932.301021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            25451639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            154904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            164.305886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42254913500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1932.301021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.943506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1041                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          51367992                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         51367992                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     25451639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        25451639                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      25451639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         25451639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     25451639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        25451639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        154905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         154905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        154905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2479923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2479923000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2479923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2479923000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2479923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2479923000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     25606544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     25606544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     25606544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     25606544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     25606544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     25606544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16009.315387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16009.315387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16009.315387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16009.315387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 16009.315387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16009.315387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       152856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            152856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       154905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       154905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       154905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2325019000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2325019000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2325019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2325019000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2325019000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2325019000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15009.321842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15009.321842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15009.321842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15009.321842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15009.321842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15009.321842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           133370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        30430.165732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs             403981                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           165480                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             2.441268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 26353.973497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  2093.222263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1982.969972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.804259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.063880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.060515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.928655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          165                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        11867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        18864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979919                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses          6016150                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses         6016150                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       168423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       168423                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       152856                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       152856                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data        12675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total        12675                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       148147                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       148147                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data        33603                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        33603                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       148147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data        46278                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          194425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       148147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data        46278                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         194425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       130883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       130883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         6758                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         6758                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        27701                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        27701                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         6758                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       158584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        165342                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         6758                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       158584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       165342                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10622451000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  10622451000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    536913000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    536913000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   2234805000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2234805000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    536913000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  12857256000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  13394169000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    536913000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  12857256000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  13394169000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       168423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       168423                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       152856                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       152856                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       143558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       143558                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       154905                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data        61304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        61304                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       359767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       154905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       204862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       359767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.911708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043627                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.043627                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.451863                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043627                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.774102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.459581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043627                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.774102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.459581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81159.898535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81159.898535                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79448.505475                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79448.505475                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80675.968377                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80675.968377                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79448.505475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81075.366998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81008.872519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79448.505475                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81075.366998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81008.872519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       114465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           114465                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          115                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          115                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       130883                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       130883                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6758                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         6758                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        27701                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        27701                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       165342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         6758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       158584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       165342                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   9313621000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9313621000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    469343000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    469343000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   1957795000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1957795000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    469343000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11271416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11740759000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    469343000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11271416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11740759000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.911708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.911708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043627                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.451863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.774102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459581                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.043627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.774102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71159.898535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71159.898535                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69449.985203                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69449.985203                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70675.968377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70675.968377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69449.985203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71075.366998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71008.932999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69449.985203                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71075.366998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71008.932999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       713389                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       353622                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         4036                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         4036                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        216208                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       282888                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       152856                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        51248                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       143558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       143558                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       154905                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        61304                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       462665                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       610490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           1073155                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     19696640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     23890240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           43586880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      133370                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples       493137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.008184                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.090096                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0             489101     99.18%     99.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               4036      0.82%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total         493137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      677973500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     232357497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy     307299487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       114465                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            14983                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            130883                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           130883                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         34458                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       460130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 460130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17907584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                17907584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            294789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  294789    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              294789                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           822943500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          872924250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
