
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000534                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   534039500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  534039500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               75793857                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 274932                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     7.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                 80135                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                 83816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                 79566                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                 82290                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                 82935                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                 84320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                 79631                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                 84304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               656997                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       418368                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5388                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5503                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5449                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5363                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5499                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            461890                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  10898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  10988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  10833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  10911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  10989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  10862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  10835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  10972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 87288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            6537                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5512                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5320                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5499                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5488                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                50059                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                150054444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                156947192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                148988979                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                154089726                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                155297501                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                157890943                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                149110693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                157860982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1230240460                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         783402726                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10321334                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                10089141                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                 9961810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                10304481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                10203365                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10042328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                10296991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10276393                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              864898570                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         783402726                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               160375777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               167036333                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               158950789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               164394207                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               165500867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               167933271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               159407684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               168137376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             2095139030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.num_reads                           98970                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          54697                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22262                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.444163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.580041                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      392.444163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.766493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          382                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335259                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1108                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9532                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36392                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           23768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23768                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    598420373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    598420373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    705577272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    705577272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1303997645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1303997645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1303997645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1303997645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         24876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           69692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          69692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.812031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.812031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.955459                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.863227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.863227                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.863227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.863227                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16443.734145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16443.734145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 29686.017839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29686.017839                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21675.492769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21675.492769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21675.492769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21675.492769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       798798                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61887                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.907363                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9766                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        23768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60160                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60160                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15311                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15311                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    562029373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562029373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    681810272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    681810272                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1243839645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243839645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1243839645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243839645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    706647630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    706647630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    855364129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    855364129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0   1562011759                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1562011759                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.812031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.812031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.955459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.955459                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.863227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863227                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.863227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.863227                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 15443.761623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15443.761623                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 28686.059912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28686.059912                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20675.526014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20675.526014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20675.526014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20675.526014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 72114.259618                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 72114.259618                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 155182.171444                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 155182.171444                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 102018.924891                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102018.924891                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.num_reads                           98379                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          54883                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22236                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.015365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.591371                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      391.015365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.763702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.753906                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1143                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1                9689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total               9689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1               9689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total              9689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    593535449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593535449                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    712426271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    712426271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1305961720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1305961720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1305961720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1305961720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          44786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24978                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           69764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          69764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.809181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.809181                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954240                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.861117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.861117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.861117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.861117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 16377.909741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16377.909741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 29889.921166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29889.921166                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 21738.855098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21738.855098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 21738.855098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21738.855098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       803378                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62137                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.929140                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9779                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    557295449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557295449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    688592271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    688592271                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1245887720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245887720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1245887720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245887720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    707451122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    707451122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    858171680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    858171680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1   1565622802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1565622802                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.809181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809181                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954240                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.861117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.861117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.861117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 15377.909741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15377.909741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 28889.963121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28889.963121                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20738.871744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20738.871744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20738.871744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20738.871744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 71946.620767                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 71946.620767                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 159274.625093                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159274.625093                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 102859.391761                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102859.391761                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99126                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55057                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22416                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.045662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.589230                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      392.045662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.765714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          407                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.794922                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337969                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337969                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8656                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1187                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36613                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           23839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23839                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60452                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    594021809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    594021809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    716005587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    716005587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1310027396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1310027396                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1310027396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1310027396                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          45269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25026                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.808787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808787                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.952569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952569                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.859976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.859976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16224.341327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16224.341327                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 30035.051261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30035.051261                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 21670.538543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21670.538543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 21670.538543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21670.538543                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       801429                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62324                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.859075                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        23839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23839                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15065                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15065                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    557410809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557410809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    692167587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692167587                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1249578396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249578396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1249578396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249578396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    702012144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    702012144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    835893746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    835893746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2   1537905890                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1537905890                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.808787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808787                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.952569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952569                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 15224.395952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15224.395952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 29035.093209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29035.093209                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20670.588169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20670.588169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20670.588169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20670.588169                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 72052.975880                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 72052.975880                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 157063.838031                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157063.838031                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 102084.692333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102084.692333                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99267                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54937                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.396608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13642                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.600996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      393.396608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.768353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          391                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.763672                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              336965                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             336965                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60173                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    595557078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595557078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    707954928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    707954928                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1303512006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1303512006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1303512006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1303512006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         24895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24895                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.804722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.804722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.954770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954770                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.857984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.857984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.857984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.857984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16359.660422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16359.660422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 29784.800707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29784.800707                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 21662.739202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21662.739202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 21662.739202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21662.739202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       796210                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.885325                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9835                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15281                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15281                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    559153078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559153078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    684188928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684188928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1243342006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243342006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1243342006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243342006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    702217176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    702217176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    867552200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    867552200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3   1569769376                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1569769376                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.804722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.804722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.954770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.857984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.857984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.857984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 15359.660422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15359.660422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 28784.926922                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28784.926922                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20662.789058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20662.789058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20662.789058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20662.789058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 71816.033545                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 71816.033545                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 157650.772306                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157650.772306                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 102726.874943                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102726.874943                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98613                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54610                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               21998                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.447255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22393                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.595097                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      392.447255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.766499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.771484                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335144                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335144                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1170                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23758                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23758                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             59981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            59981                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            59981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           59981                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    587952444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    587952444                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    716203349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    716203349                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1304155793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1304155793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1304155793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1304155793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          44780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         24928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24928                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           69708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          69708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.808910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808910                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953065                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.860461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.860461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.860461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.860461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16231.467410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16231.467410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 30145.776118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30145.776118                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 21742.815108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21742.815108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 21742.815108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21742.815108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       805297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61957                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.997676                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu4.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23758                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        59981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        59981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        59981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        59981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15299                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15299                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    551729444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551729444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    692447349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692447349                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1244176793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244176793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1244176793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1244176793                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    708336585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    708336585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    860694197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    860694197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4   1569030782                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1569030782                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.808910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808910                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.953065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953065                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.860461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860461                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.860461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.860461                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 15231.467410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15231.467410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 29145.860300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29145.860300                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20742.848452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20742.848452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20742.848452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20742.848452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 71934.252564                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 71934.252564                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 157867.607667                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 157867.607667                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 102557.734623                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102557.734623                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99530                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55068                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22260                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             393.692529                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.603772                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      393.692529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.768931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.768931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.744141                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337364                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337364                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1154                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5               10062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total              10062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5              10062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total             10062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23895                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60159                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60159                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    595565994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595565994                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    715910266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    715910266                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1311476260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1311476260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1311476260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1311476260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45172                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25049                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.802798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.802798                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.953930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953930                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.856710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.856710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.856710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.856710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16423.064030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16423.064030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 29960.672358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29960.672358                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 21800.167224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21800.167224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 21800.167224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21800.167224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       800309                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               61932                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.922383                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu5.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9774                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23895                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60159                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15061                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15061                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    559302994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    559302994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    692016266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    692016266                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1251319260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1251319260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1251319260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1251319260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    697234186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    697234186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    847695253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    847695253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5   1544929439                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1544929439                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.802798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.802798                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.953930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953930                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.856710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.856710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.856710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 15423.091606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15423.091606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 28960.714208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28960.714208                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20800.200469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20800.200469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20800.200469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20800.200469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 71894.636626                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 71894.636626                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 158063.630990                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158063.630990                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 102578.144811                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102578.144811                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100001                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          54955                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22371                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.789220                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.599789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      392.789220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.767166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.767166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338676                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338676                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1193                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9984                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9984                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23715                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    595549144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595549144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    708070907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    708070907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1303620051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1303620051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1303620051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1303620051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         24908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.807088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.952104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.952104                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.858339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.858339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16192.641018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16192.641018                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 29857.512418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29857.512418                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21549.576008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21549.576008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21549.576008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21549.576008                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       794028                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62044                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.797821                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu6.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9773                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5502                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15245                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    558770144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    558770144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    684356907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684356907                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1243127051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243127051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1243127051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1243127051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    702205139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    702205139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    875087157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    875087157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6   1577292296                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1577292296                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.807088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.952104                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952104                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.858339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 15192.641018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15192.641018                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 28857.554586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28857.554586                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20549.592538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20549.592538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20549.592538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20549.592538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 72072.784461                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 72072.784461                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 159048.919847                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159048.919847                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 103462.925287                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 103462.925287                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99732                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          55186                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               22105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.370136                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.604491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      391.370136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.764395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          385                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          370                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.751953                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337196                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337196                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1155                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9934                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9934                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36327                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    591115609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    591115609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    714870765                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    714870765                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1305986374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1305986374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1305986374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1305986374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         25068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           70174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          70174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.805370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805370                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953925                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.858438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858438                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.858438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858438                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16272.073361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16272.073361                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 29894.649981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29894.649981                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21679.720684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21679.720684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21679.720684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21679.720684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       800916                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               62109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.895329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.fast_writes                         0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu7.l1c.cache_copies                        0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9688                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5490                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15298                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15298                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    554789609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554789609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    690958765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    690958765                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1245748374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245748374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1245748374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245748374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    704741576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    704741576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    868948151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    868948151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7   1573689727                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1573689727                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.805370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805370                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953925                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858438                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.858438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858438                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 15272.100889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15272.100889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 28894.691799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28894.691799                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20679.753884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20679.753884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20679.753884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20679.753884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 71853.749592                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 71853.749592                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 158278.351730                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158278.351730                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 102868.984639                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 102868.984639                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.no_allocate_misses                  0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    13995                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                  787.283340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     163090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    14802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    11.018106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     729.204744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0             7.276243                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1             7.685702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2             7.303189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3             7.305571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4             6.947966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5             7.333904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6             7.314281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7             6.911739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.712114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.007106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.007506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.007132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.007134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.006785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.007162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.007143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.006750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.768831                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          807                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          673                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.788086                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2092027                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2092027                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        76994                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total           76994                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  290                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  275                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  271                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  268                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  273                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  273                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                2216                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1696                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1826                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1766                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1793                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1691                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1701                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1693                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1794                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                13960                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0             10787                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1             10737                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2             10799                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3             10853                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4             10789                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5             10747                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6             10936                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7             10812                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            86460                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    12483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    12563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    12565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    12646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    12480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    12448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    12629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    12606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                  100420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   12483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   12563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   12565                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   12646                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   12480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   12448                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   12629                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   12606                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                 100420                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               2004                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               2095                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               2038                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               2061                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               2078                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               2100                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               2074                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               2069                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             16519                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4524                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4568                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4664                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4580                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4684                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4609                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4587                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4667                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              36883                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0             734                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1             790                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2             729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3             742                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4             716                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5             769                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6             725                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7             744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           5949                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   5258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   5358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   5393                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   5322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   5400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   5378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   5312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   5411                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 42832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  5258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  5358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  5393                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  5322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  5400                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  5378                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  5312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  5411                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                42832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     68311482                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     71351474                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     71595476                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     70154979                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     71820479                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     71543984                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     71643479                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     74781299                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    571202652                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     282056369                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     284888871                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     290531378                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     285646696                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     292456878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     287933871                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     285764379                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     290745363                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2300023805                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0     50144908                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1     53259395                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2     49512906                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3     50638402                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4     48277416                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5     51495417                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6     49403402                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7     50638912                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    403370758                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        332201277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        338148266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        340044284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        336285098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        340734294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        339429288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        335167781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        341384275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      2703394563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       332201277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       338148266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       340044284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       336285098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       340734294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       339429288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       335167781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       341384275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     2703394563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        76994                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        76994                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2287                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2378                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2336                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2368                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2347                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2342                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18735                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6220                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6394                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6373                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6375                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6310                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6280                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6461                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            50843                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11521                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11527                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11528                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11505                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11661                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11556                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        92409                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                17741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                17921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                17958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                17968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                17880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                17826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                17941                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                18017                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              143252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               17741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               17921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               17958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               17968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               17880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               17826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               17941                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               18017                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             143252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.876257                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.880992                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.875430                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.882277                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.884632                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.886824                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.883681                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.883433                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.881719                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.727331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.714420                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.725350                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.718657                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.734745                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.730428                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.730414                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.722334                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.725429                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.063710                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.068535                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.063237                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.063993                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.062234                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.066777                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.062173                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.064382                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.064377                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.296376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.298979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.300312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.296193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.302013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.301694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.296082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.300327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.298998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.296376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.298979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.300312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.296193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.302013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.301694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.296082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.300327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.298998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 34087.565868                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 34057.982816                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 35130.263003                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 34039.291121                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 34562.309432                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 34068.563810                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 34543.625362                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 36143.692122                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34578.524850                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 62346.677498                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 62366.215193                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 62292.319468                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 62368.274236                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 62437.420581                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 62472.091777                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 62298.752780                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 62298.127919                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62359.997967                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 68317.313351                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 67416.955696                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 67918.938272                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 68245.824798                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 67426.558659                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 66964.131339                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 68142.623448                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 68063.053763                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67804.800471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 63180.159186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 63110.911907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 63052.898943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 63187.729801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 63098.943333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 63114.408330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 63096.344315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 63090.791905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63116.234661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 63180.159186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 63110.911907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 63052.898943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 63187.729801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 63098.943333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 63114.408330                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 63096.344315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 63090.791905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63116.234661                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             33757                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     6432                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      5.248290                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks                6537                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                     6537                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total              2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0                5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2                2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3                3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               10                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6                7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7                4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1           13                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2            7                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4           14                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6            9                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7           11                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                   9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                  9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               114                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         1240                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         1240                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          2003                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          2095                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          2038                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          2061                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          2078                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          2099                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          2074                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          2069                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        16517                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4519                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4564                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4577                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4599                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4663                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         36844                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          730                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          777                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          722                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          736                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          758                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          716                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5874                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              5249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              5341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              5313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              5382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              5357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              5296                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              5396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            42718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             5249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             5341                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             5313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             5382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             5357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             5296                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             5396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           42718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9778                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5512                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5449                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5499                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5489                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43523                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15311                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15221                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15062                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15281                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15296                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15061                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15242                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15297                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       121771                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    103796466                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    108591953                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    105681456                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    106934463                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    107650463                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    108806472                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    107556959                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    107077279                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    856095511                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    236726369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    239139871                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    243801378                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    239818196                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    245529878                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    241617872                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    239761379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    244006864                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1930401807                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     42764408                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     44950896                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     42066908                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     43073402                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     40746918                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     43606418                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     41895903                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     42768413                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    341873266                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    279490777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    284090767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    285868286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    282891598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    286276796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    285224290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    281657282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    286775277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2272275073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    279490777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    284090767                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    285868286                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    282891598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    286276796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    285224290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    281657282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    286775277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2272275073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    503232104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    504891308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    500756647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    501380612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    505534787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    497694775                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    500159589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    503166776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4016816598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    292229228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    286836409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    283709721                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    292753904                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    289394212                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    284248382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    293152393                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    291492896                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2313817145                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    795461332                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    791727717                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    784466368                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    794134516                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    794928999                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    781943157                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    793311982                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    794659672                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   6330633743                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.875820                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.880992                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.875430                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.882277                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.884632                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.886402                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.883681                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.883433                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.881612                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.726527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.713794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.725039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.718186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.734118                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.728843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.729299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.721715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.724662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.063363                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.067407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.062630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.063476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.061017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.065821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.061401                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.063430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.063565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.295868                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.298030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.299811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.295692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.301007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.300516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.295190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.299495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.298202                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.295868                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.298030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.299811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.295692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.301007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.300516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.295190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.299495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298202                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 51820.502247                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 51833.867780                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 51855.473994                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 51884.746725                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 51804.842637                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 51837.290138                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 51859.671649                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 51753.155631                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51831.174608                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 52384.680018                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 52396.991893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 52295.447876                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 52396.372296                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 52463.649145                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 52537.045445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 52349.646070                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 52328.300236                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52393.925931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 58581.380822                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 57851.861004                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 58264.415512                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 58523.644022                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 58044.042735                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 57528.255937                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 58513.831006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 58347.084584                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58201.100783                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 53246.480663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 53190.557386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 53095.892645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 53245.171843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 53191.526570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 53243.287288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 53183.021526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 53145.900111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53192.449857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 53246.480663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 53190.557386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 53095.892645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 53245.171843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 53191.526570                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 53243.287288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 53183.021526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 53145.900111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53192.449857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 51355.455046                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 51346.619343                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 51401.831965                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 51276.397218                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 51338.964862                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 51319.320994                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 51335.275480                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 51301.669657                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 51334.431525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 53016.913643                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 53236.156088                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 53328.894925                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 53198.964928                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 53109.600294                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 53001.749394                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 53310.127841                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 53104.918200                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 53163.089516                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 51953.584482                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 52015.486302                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 52082.483601                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 51968.753092                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 51969.730583                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 51918.408937                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 52047.761580                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 51948.726678                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 51988.024595                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78245                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              84100                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43522                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6537                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             1268                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            61107                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           50201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             48942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3181                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5862                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       426485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 426485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1118817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1118817                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            56662                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            253744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  253744    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              253744                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           292620525                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              54.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          295409000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             55.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       663684                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       282033                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       335738                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          12570                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         5835                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops         6735                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78248                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            369469                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            4                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43523                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43520                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        83531                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           20342                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           29636                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          29633                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           160854                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          160848                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       291239                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121995                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122071                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122139                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       121723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122513                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       122322                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total                977110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1766349                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1778610                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1781270                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1785072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1775296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1771667                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1779976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1778751                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14216991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          333737                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           624990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.150519                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.991140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 174852     27.98%     27.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 256379     41.02%     69.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 133497     21.36%     90.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  47307      7.57%     97.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  11157      1.79%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   1650      0.26%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    145      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      3      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             624990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          497290718                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             93.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         100872915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         100601006                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            18.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         101141480                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         100780789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         100568051                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            18.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         100691951                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         101210192                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            19.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         100872512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            18.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
