
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.403750                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                403750101500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               403750101500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  79008                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   146095                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               38578288                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 372460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10465.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   826877109                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            163584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24546112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             24709696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       163584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          163584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     18890432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          18890432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             383533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                386089                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          295163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               295163                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               405162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             60795309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                61200470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          405162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             405162                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          46787436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               46787436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          46787436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              405162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            60795309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              107987906                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        386089                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       295163                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      386089                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     295163                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 24690880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     18816                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  18889216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  24709696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               18890432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      294                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         250150                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               24088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               24837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24496                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               23228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               23719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               23634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               23532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              24794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              23986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              23318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              22932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              24086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              23893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               18617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               19942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               19199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               19026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               18119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               18516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               19139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               19093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               18647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               17956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              18916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              17762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              17409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              17014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              17906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              17883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    403750059500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  386089                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 295163                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    380878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4562                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       308                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     6189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     6615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    16935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    17522                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    17619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    17642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    17656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    17655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    17709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    17672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    17720                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    17697                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    17763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    17761                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    17758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    17932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    17615                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    17541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       146856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      296.750885                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     175.556415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     322.540822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          54126     36.86%     36.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39800     27.10%     63.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        13820      9.41%     73.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7615      5.19%     78.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5593      3.81%     82.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4060      2.76%     85.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2963      2.02%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2671      1.82%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        16208     11.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         146856                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         17505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.039017                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      217.962707                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          17495     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            5      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8192-9215            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::26624-27647            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           17505                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         17505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.860554                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.781765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        2.832914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           17316     98.92%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             135      0.77%     99.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              27      0.15%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31               7      0.04%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               3      0.02%     99.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               3      0.02%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               1      0.01%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               1      0.01%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.01%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             2      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           17505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     4284897750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               11518554000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1928975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11106.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29856.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          61.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          46.78                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       61.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       46.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.84                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        20.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     318212                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    215865                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   82.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       592658.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  568406160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  310142250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1525828200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                982679040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            26370870240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            62107024725                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           187769234250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             279634184865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.595037                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   311821526250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     13482040000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     78445652750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  541726920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  295585125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1483162200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                929646720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            26370870240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            60264291960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           189385666500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             279270949665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              691.695380                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   314524575500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     13482040000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     75741865750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               219275491                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         219275491                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect           8530842                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            123996876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               121809369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.235837                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                27061771                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1406477                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  551                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        807500204                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          175896513                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     1208663738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   219275491                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          148871140                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     621734900                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                17770351                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                        224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                92919                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        734617                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         1497                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 170765697                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes               2319587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                       3                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          807345886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              2.785599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.367664                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                417315550     51.69%     51.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                 32556197      4.03%     55.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 31914797      3.95%     59.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                 32648264      4.04%     63.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                 26601298      3.29%     67.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                 26865092      3.33%     70.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                 35140610      4.35%     74.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                 31395380      3.89%     78.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                172908698     21.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            807345886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.271549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.496797                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                120455538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             370723147                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 225174137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles              82107889                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                8885175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts             2132090689                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                8885175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                152508786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               150703188                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles          44276                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 271505228                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles             223699233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts             2088450374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                134027                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents              138145056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents               24847890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               50675847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands          2190623948                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            5277971052                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       3356955770                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups             59583                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps            1614040854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                576583094                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts               3244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts           3058                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                 422095496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            507123971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           200816092                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         229029695                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores         68201156                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2023089277                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded               22810                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1789046992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            413186                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       494123386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    832685562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          22258                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     807345886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         2.215961                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.071124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           238839063     29.58%     29.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           123555302     15.30%     44.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           118726852     14.71%     59.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           107721401     13.34%     72.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            89742056     11.12%     84.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            60203262      7.46%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            42304747      5.24%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7            18964857      2.35%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             7288346      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       807345886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                11498108     42.65%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     42.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead               12352662     45.82%     88.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               3109525     11.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           2715586      0.15%      0.15% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            1183095329     66.13%     66.28% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               369789      0.02%     66.30% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv               3881135      0.22%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                 131      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 62      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                 375      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     66.52% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            428554849     23.95%     90.47% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite           170429736      9.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total             1789046992                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           2.215538                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    26960295                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.015070                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         4412783736                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        2517485001                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1762397634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads               29615                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes              68960                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         5614                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses             1813278705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                   12996                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        186120882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    123024315                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       213288                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       372216                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     51655906                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        23026                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          1152                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                8885175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                97857746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles               6188485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2023112087                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            370282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             507126472                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            200816092                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               7124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                1833420                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               3447634                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         372216                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        4845141                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4138975                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts              8984116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1770027933                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             423156069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          19019059                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                    590393535                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                168976878                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                  167237466                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     2.191985                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                     1766902573                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                    1762403248                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                1339734836                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                2050019870                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       2.182542                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.653523                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts       494186003                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             552                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts           8613223                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    740134628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.065825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.576078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    276181742     37.32%     37.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    172028130     23.24%     60.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     55891908      7.55%     68.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     86294140     11.66%     79.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25858762      3.49%     83.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     26505188      3.58%     86.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      9830635      1.33%     88.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      9003447      1.22%     89.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     78540676     10.61%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    740134628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            826877109                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps             1528988701                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                      533262343                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                     384102157                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                  149758583                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                1526605509                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls             17673145                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1819099      0.12%      0.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        989721889     64.73%     64.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          306834      0.02%     64.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv          3878536      0.25%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       384102157     25.12%     90.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      149160186      9.76%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total        1528988701                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events              78540676                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   2684768656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  4113734804                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                            1976                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                          154318                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                   826877109                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                    1528988701                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               0.976566                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         0.976566                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               1.023996                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         1.023996                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               2722734844                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes              1435842493                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                      5827                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.fp_regfile_writes                      544                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 596643147                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                405466657                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               971667313                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                      1                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           2531012                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4087.814248                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           381842819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           2535108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            150.621914                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        1673396500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4087.814248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          871                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         772778472                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        772778472                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    233189012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       233189012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    148175395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148175395                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     381364407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        381364407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    381364407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       381364407                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      2772468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       2772468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       984807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       984807                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      3757275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        3757275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      3757275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       3757275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  59137035000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  59137035000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31243406496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  31243406496                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  90380441496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90380441496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  90380441496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90380441496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    235961480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    235961480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    149160202                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    385121682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    385121682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    385121682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    385121682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006602                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.009756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 21330.105523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21330.105523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31725.410660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31725.410660                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24054.784783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24054.784783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24054.784783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24054.784783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         9718                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              1069                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.090739                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           11                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2330580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2330580                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1007465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      1007465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        19412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        19412                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1026877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      1026877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data      1026877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      1026877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1765003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1765003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       965395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       965395                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2730398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2730398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      2730398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2730398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33567375500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33567375500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30021732998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30021732998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  63589108498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  63589108498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  63589108498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  63589108498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 19018.310734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19018.310734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 31097.874961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31097.874961                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23289.318443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23289.318443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23289.318443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23289.318443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              6646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1037.831951                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           170556730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          20656.016713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1037.831951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.506754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.506754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1611                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          323                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.786621                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         341735047                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        341735047                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    170559843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       170559843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     170559843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        170559843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    170559843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       170559843                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       205853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        205853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       205853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         205853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       205853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        205853                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1200128500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1200128500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1200128500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1200128500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1200128500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1200128500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    170765696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    170765696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    170765696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    170765696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    170765696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    170765696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  5830.026767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5830.026767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  5830.026767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5830.026767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst  5830.026767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5830.026767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.384615                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         6646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              6646                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst         2196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       203657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       203657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       203657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       203657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       203657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       203657                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    915942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    915942000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    915942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    915942000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    915942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    915942000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4497.473694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4497.473694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4497.473694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4497.473694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  4497.473694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4497.473694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           355353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        29622.360261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            3892845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           387686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.041232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle     189329679500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 21025.083247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   186.619745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  8410.657269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.641635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.005695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.256673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.904003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        13404                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        18612                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.986725                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         43282239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        43282239                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      2330580                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      2330580                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         6244                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         6244                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data         1851                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total         1851                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       563583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       563583                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         5681                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         5681                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1587941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1587941                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         5681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      2151524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2157205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         5681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      2151524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2157205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data       193439                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total       193439                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       206924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       206924                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2558                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2558                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       176660                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       176660                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2558                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       383584                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        386142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2558                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       383584                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       386142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     13992500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     13992500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16415552000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16415552000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208018000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    208018000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  14197973500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  14197973500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208018000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  30613525500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30821543500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    208018000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  30613525500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30821543500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      2330580                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      2330580                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         6244                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         6244                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data       195290                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       195290                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       770507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       770507                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         8239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         8239                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1764601                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1764601                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         8239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      2535108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2543347                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         8239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      2535108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2543347                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990522                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.990522                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.268556                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.310475                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.310475                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.100113                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.310475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.310475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data    72.335465                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total    72.335465                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79331.310046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79331.310046                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81320.562940                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81320.562940                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80368.920525                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80368.920525                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81320.562940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79809.182604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79819.194752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81320.562940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79809.182604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79819.194752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       295163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           295163                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       193439                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total       193439                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       206924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       206924                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2557                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       176660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       176660                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       386141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       383584                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       386141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4268097007                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4268097007                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14346312000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14346312000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    182391500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    182391500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  12431373500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12431373500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    182391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26777685500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26960077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    182391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  26777685500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26960077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.990522                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.990522                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.268556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.268556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.310353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.310353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.100113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.310353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.310353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.151309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.151824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 22064.304546                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22064.304546                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69331.310046                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69331.310046                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71330.269847                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71330.269847                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70368.920525                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70368.920525                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71330.269847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69809.182604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69819.255143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71330.269847                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69809.182604                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69819.255143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5471713                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2729811                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       210473                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         3600                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         3600                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       1968256                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2625743                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         6244                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       249948                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       195290                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       195290                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       770507                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       770507                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       203657                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1764601                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       218138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      7981134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8199272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       926784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    311404032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          312330816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      550771                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3289408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.123462                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.328967                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2883292     87.65%     87.65% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1             406116     12.35%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3289408                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5101560430                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy     305490983                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3900309572                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             179215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       295163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            56660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           193490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          193490                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            206873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           206873                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        179216                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1510980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1510980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1510980                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     43600064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     43600064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                43600064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            931402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  931402    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              931402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2242581485                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2429056686                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
