
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.977709                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1977709274000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1977709274000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 813213                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   813212                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            27059617080                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 371328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    73.09                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    59435338                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      59435338                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           694336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         23907392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           165888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          1310592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26079168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       694336                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       165888                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          860224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7747712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7747712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             10849                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            373553                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             20478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                407487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          121058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               121058                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              351081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12088426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               83879                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              662682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13186553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         351081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          83879                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             434960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3917518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3917518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3917518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             351081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12088426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              83879                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             662682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17104071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        407487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       121058                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      407487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     121058                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26071296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7746112                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26079168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7747712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      123                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         306935                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               26009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               26271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               24919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                8035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                6971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          19                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1977655892500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  407487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 121058                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1864                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2225                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5815                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     8012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8803                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6918                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5930                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      212                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        68003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      497.292884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     300.084252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     405.105473                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16504     24.27%     24.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12590     18.51%     42.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5294      7.78%     50.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3182      4.68%     55.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2479      3.65%     58.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4294      6.31%     65.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1483      2.18%     67.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2078      3.06%     70.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20099     29.56%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          68003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.144069                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2865.262786                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5418     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5421                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.326692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.006479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       21.134399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4779     88.16%     88.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              22      0.41%     88.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              23      0.42%     88.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             175      3.23%     92.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               9      0.17%     92.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              25      0.46%     92.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              50      0.92%     93.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               2      0.04%     93.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              13      0.24%     94.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              19      0.35%     94.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.02%     94.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               6      0.11%     94.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               8      0.15%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               2      0.04%     94.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              22      0.41%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              20      0.37%     95.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               4      0.07%     95.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              34      0.63%     96.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.02%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               2      0.04%     96.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103           161      2.97%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             2      0.04%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.02%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             3      0.06%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             2      0.04%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.02%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             6      0.11%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             5      0.09%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             3      0.06%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             1      0.02%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            16      0.30%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             1      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::216-219             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::252-255             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5421                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2796894000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10434969000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2036820000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6865.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25615.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.18                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.07                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363824                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96570                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3741698.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  262483200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  143220000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1597533600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                400438080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           129174240000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            73962048600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1121745657750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1327285621230                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              671.123235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1865834845500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     66040000000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     45832914500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  251619480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  137292375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1579905600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                383855760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           129174240000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            73584887580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1122076500750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1327188301545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              671.074027                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1866389529250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     66040000000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     45278230750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     5727753                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7442                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490672                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3981122                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      812                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187451                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     9708875                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8254                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678123                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3124468                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3128339                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3955086246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    4843                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    129735                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   41337     38.33%     38.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.12%     38.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1972      1.83%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                     17      0.02%     40.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  64391     59.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              107848                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    40894     48.75%     48.75% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.16%     48.90% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1972      2.35%     51.25% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                      17      0.02%     51.27% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   40877     48.73%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total                83891                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1907093255000     96.44%     96.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               94033500      0.00%     96.44% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              783814000      0.04%     96.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30               14262000      0.00%     96.48% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            69557728500      3.52%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1977543093000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.989283                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.634825                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.777863                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                   93      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 1998      1.74%      1.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.04%      1.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      1.87% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               101884     88.63%     90.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6548      5.70%     96.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    3843      3.34%     99.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.33%     99.88% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.12%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                114960                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5413                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1282                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1282                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1282                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.236837                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.382972                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1972827474000     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3894173000      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    1999                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   36251265                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     36251265                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             33727452                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                135758                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     876834                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      4248905                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    33727452                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       135758                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           46333717                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          25193797                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               65701                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              66416                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      9739707                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    5749561                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3990146                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3736968981.972937                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              218117264.027063                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.055149                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.944851                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          5398761                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1979626      5.46%      5.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 23753610     65.51%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   36908      0.10%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  22960      0.06%     71.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1656      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 5882505     16.22%     87.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3995282     11.02%     98.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                587316      1.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  36259863                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           822072                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          480.504845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs            8885001                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           822496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            10.802485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        144706500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   480.504845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.938486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.938486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          424                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          257                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828125                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         39682070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        39682070                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      5000163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        5000163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3644006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       3644006                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       117543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       117543                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       123259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       123259                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8644169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total         8644169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8644169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total        8644169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       612538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       612538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       209263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       209263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         6851                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         6851                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data          636                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          636                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       821801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total        821801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       821801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total       821801                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38657814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  38657814000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14917066000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  14917066000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     93675500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     93675500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8969500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total      8969500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53574880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  53574880000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  53574880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  53574880000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5612701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      5612701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3853269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3853269                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       124394                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       124394                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       123895                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      9465970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total      9465970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      9465970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total      9465970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.109134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.054308                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055075                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.055075                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005133                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.005133                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.086816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.086816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63110.882917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63110.882917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71283.819882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71283.819882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13673.259378                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13673.259378                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 14102.987421                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14102.987421                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65192.035541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.035541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 65192.035541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65192.035541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       366665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           366665                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       612538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       612538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       209263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       209263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         6851                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         6851                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          636                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          636                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       821801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       821801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       821801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       821801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         8193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         8193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        13007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        13007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38045276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38045276000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14707803000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14707803000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     86824500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86824500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      8333500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8333500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52753079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  52753079000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52753079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  52753079000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1072338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1072338000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1840159000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1840159000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2912497000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2912497000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.109134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.054308                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054308                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.055075                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.055075                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.005133                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005133                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 62110.882917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62110.882917                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 70283.819882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70283.819882                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 12673.259378                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12673.259378                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 13102.987421                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13102.987421                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64192.035541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64192.035541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64192.035541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64192.035541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 222754.050686                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 222754.050686                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 224601.367021                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224601.367021                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 223917.659722                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 223917.659722                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           490042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.476572                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           35769214                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           490554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            72.915956                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      58998281500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   506.476572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.989212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         36750512                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        36750512                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     35769214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       35769214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     35769214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        35769214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     35769214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       35769214                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       490649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       490649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       490649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        490649                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       490649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       490649                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7808174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7808174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7808174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7808174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7808174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7808174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     36259863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     36259863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     36259863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     36259863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     36259863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     36259863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15913.971087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15913.971087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15913.971087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15913.971087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15913.971087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15913.971087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       490042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           490042                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       490649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       490649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       490649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       490649                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7317525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7317525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7317525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7317525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   7317525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7317525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.013531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14913.971087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14913.971087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14913.971087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14913.971087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14913.971087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14913.971087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     3965416                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2993                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239364                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    2725894                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      342                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105248                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     6691310                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3335                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344612                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    2218092                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                2219308                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3955418548                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    3977                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                    108865                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   40405     40.60%     40.60% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1966      1.98%     42.57% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                     93      0.09%     42.67% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  57058     57.33%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               99522                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    39471     48.79%     48.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1966      2.43%     51.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                      93      0.11%     51.33% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   39378     48.67%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                80908                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1902956585000     96.22%     96.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              734079500      0.04%     96.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30               70449000      0.00%     96.26% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            73947425500      3.74%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1977708539000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.976884                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.690140                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.812966                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                   17      0.02%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.02% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2247      2.20%      2.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      2.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      2.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                94014     91.97%     94.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2296      2.25%     96.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.00%     96.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     96.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3448      3.37%     99.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.13%     99.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.04%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                102224                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                463                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2043                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                518                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  463                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                   55                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.189189                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.026921                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.197559                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       70603027000      3.57%      3.57% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1708148000      0.09%      3.66% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1905397362000     96.34%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2248                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   23184073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     23184073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             21342235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                193178                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     708348                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      2510657                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    21342235                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       193178                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           29195011                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          15673593                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads              100176                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes             102374                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      6716060                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    3980976                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   2735084                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3859200221.998049                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              96218326.001951                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.024326                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.975674                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          3468812                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass              1369332      5.91%      5.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 14462485     62.37%     68.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   32790      0.14%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  15288      0.07%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1986      0.01%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 4085109     17.62%     86.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                2736216     11.80%     97.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                484231      2.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  23187437                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           637928                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          487.645459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            6059697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           638440                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.491412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      77414441500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   487.645459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.952433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         27453473                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        27453473                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      3383453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        3383453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      2527183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       2527183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        67642                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        67642                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        79428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        79428                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      5910636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         5910636                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      5910636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        5910636                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       511536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       511536                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       119772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       119772                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data        12967                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        12967                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data          653                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total          653                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       631308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        631308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       631308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       631308                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6625803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6625803500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3933748500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3933748500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    167428500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    167428500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     10386500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     10386500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10559552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  10559552000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10559552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  10559552000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      3894989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3894989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2646955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      2646955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        80609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        80609                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        80081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        80081                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      6541944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      6541944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      6541944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      6541944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.131332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.131332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.045249                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.160863                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008154                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.008154                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.096502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.096502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.096502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.096502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12952.760901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12952.760901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32843.640417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32843.640417                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12911.891725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12911.891725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15905.819296                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15905.819296                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16726.466321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16726.466321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16726.466321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16726.466321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       496006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           496006                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       511536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       511536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       119772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       119772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        12967                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        12967                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          653                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total          653                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       631308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       631308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       631308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       631308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         4228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         4228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         6613                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6613                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6114267500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6114267500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3813976500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3813976500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    154461500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154461500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      9733500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9733500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9928244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9928244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   9928244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9928244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    520029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    520029500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    992921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    992921500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1512951000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1512951000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.131332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.131332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.045249                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045249                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160863                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160863                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.008154                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008154                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.096502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.096502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.096502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11952.760901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11952.760901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31843.640417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31843.640417                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11911.891725                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11911.891725                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14905.819296                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14905.819296                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15726.466321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15726.466321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15726.466321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15726.466321                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 218041.719078                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 218041.719078                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 234844.252602                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 234844.252602                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 228784.364131                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 228784.364131                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           510167                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          496.053321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           22676720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           510679                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            44.405037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     117353975500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   496.053321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.968854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         23698156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        23698156                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     22676720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       22676720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     22676720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        22676720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     22676720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       22676720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       510718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       510718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       510718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        510718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       510718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       510718                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7116614500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7116614500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7116614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   7116614500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   7116614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   7116614500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     23187438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     23187438                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     23187438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     23187438                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     23187438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     23187438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13934.528448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13934.528448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13934.528448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13934.528448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13934.528448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13934.528448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       510167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           510167                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       510718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       510718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       510718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       510718                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       510718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       510718                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6605896500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6605896500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6605896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6605896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   6605896500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6605896500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.022026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12934.528448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12934.528448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12934.528448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12934.528448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12934.528448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12934.528448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               53973                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              53973                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        10632                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        39240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  122698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        42528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide-pciconf          410                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet-pciconf          299                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pciconfig.pio          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        68786                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2730426                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             11275500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               391000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              174500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15840500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6042000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy              211500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy               82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.occupancy              130500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer28.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.occupancy           215040242                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer29.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.occupancy               45000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer30.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            26819000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41954000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41699                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.491123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1769281205000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.491123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.030695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.030695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375561                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375561                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              177                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22195883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22195883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5429420359                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5429420359                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22195883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     22195883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22195883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     22195883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125400.468927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125400.468927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 130665.680569                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130665.680569                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125400.468927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125400.468927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125400.468927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125400.468927                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            74                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41522                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41522                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13345883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13345883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3351820359                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3351820359                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13345883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13345883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13345883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13345883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75400.468927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75400.468927                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 80665.680569                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80665.680569                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75400.468927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75400.468927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75400.468927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75400.468927                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342255                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65190.453062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3793407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   407257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.314529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle              12928623000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54971.310995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     3771.999936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4805.186829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst     1123.175084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      518.780218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.838796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.057556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.073321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.017138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.007916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.994727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65002                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4849                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52587                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 36989627                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                36989627                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       862671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          862671                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       732220                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          732220                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             141                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              87                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 228                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            25                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            26                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                51                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           102038                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            98486                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               200524                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        479778                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        508114                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            987892                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       344131                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       495524                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           839655                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              479778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              446169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              508114                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              594010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2028071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             479778                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             446169                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             508114                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             594010                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2028071                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2602                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           483                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              3085                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total             171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         103258                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          19364                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122622                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        10849                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2603                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13452                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       270704                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         1159                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271863                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             10849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            373962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             20523                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                407937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            10849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           373962                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2603                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            20523                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               407937                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3090000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data      2769500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      5859500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       569500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       892000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      1461500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13105172500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2555486000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15660658500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1419877000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    342190500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1762067500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33554759000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    151782000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33706541000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1419877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46659931500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    342190500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2707268000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     51129267000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1419877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  46659931500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    342190500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2707268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    51129267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       862671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       862671                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       732220                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       732220                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         2743                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          570                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            3313                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          102                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          120                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total           222                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       205296                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data       117850                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           323146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       490627                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       510717                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1001344                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       614835                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       496683                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1111518                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          490627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          820131                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          510717                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          614533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2436008                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         490627                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         820131                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         510717                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         614533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2436008                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.948596                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.847368                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.931180                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.754902                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.783333                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.770270                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502971                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.164311                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.379463                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022113                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005097                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013434                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.440287                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.244587                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.022113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.455978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.005097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.033396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.167461                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.022113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.455978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.005097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.033396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.167461                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1187.548040                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5733.954451                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  1899.351702                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  7396.103896                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9489.361702                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8546.783626                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 126916.776424                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131970.977071                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127714.916573                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 130876.301963                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131460.046101                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130989.258103                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123953.687422                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 130959.447800                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123983.554217                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 130876.301963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124771.852488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131460.046101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131913.852751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125336.184264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 130876.301963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124771.852488                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 131460.046101                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131913.852751                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125336.184264                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2602                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          483                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         3085                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data           77                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data           94                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          171                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       103258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        19364                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122622                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10849                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2592                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13441                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       270704                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1159                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271863                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       373962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           407926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        10849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       373962                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        20523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          407926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         4814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         2385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         8193                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         4228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        12421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        13007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         6613                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        19620                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    186370500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     34557500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220928000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data      5513500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data      6719500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12233000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12072592500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2361846000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14434438500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1311387000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    314915500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1626302500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30847719000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    140192000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30987911000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1311387000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42920311500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    314915500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2502038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47048652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1311387000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42920311500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    314915500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2502038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47048652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1012133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    490208000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1502341000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1745847000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    944283500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2690130500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2757980000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data   1434491500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4192471500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.948596                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.847368                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931180                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.754902                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.783333                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.770270                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.502971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.164311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.379463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013423                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.440287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.455978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.167457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.022113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.455978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.005075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.033396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.167457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71625.864719                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71547.619048                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71613.614263                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71603.896104                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71484.042553                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71538.011696                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116916.776424                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121970.977071                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117714.916573                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120876.301963                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121495.177469                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120995.647645                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113953.687422                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 120959.447800                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113983.554217                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120876.301963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114771.852488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121495.177469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121913.852751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115336.242358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 120876.301963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114771.852488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 121495.177469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121913.852751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115336.242358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 210247.818862                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 205537.945493                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208687.456591                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 213090.076895                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 223340.468307                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 216579.220675                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 212038.133313                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 216919.930440                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 213683.562691                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              12421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             12421                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       121058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261934                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             4921                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           1238                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            3449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            122558                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           122429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        39240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1166399                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1205639                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124831                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1330470                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        68786                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31168512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31237298                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33895666                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             3262                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            858545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  858545    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              858545                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            36672500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1323961648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2184136804                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           69798217                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4935792                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2467069                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       374533                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1240                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1179                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           61                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2152619                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             12421                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            12421                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       983748                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       732220                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          760785                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            4956                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          1289                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           6245                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           324079                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          324079                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1001367                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1144069                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1377223                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2478366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1357708                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1834010                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7047307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     56740736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     76009449                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     54207360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     71099081                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              258056626                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          461903                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2920905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.131024                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.337667                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                2538432     86.91%     86.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 382238     13.09%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    234      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2920905                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4346798496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           299383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         736191563                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1248608962                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         767009132                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         969915969                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
