
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.560955                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                560955232000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               560955232000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 340981                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   340981                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              205940379                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 308844                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2723.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   928789150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            184896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          18519872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18704768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       184896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          184896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2889                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             289373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                292262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               329609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             33014884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                33344493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          329609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             329609                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           7607937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                7607937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           7607937                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              329609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            33014884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               40952430                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        292262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      292262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 18684608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     20160                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4266752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  18704768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4267712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      315                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         191173                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               18033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               18394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               18332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               18255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               18314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               18296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               18227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               18236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              18229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              18376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              18263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              18132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              18061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              18191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    560955208000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  292262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    291448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       471                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      933                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      934                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4044                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       104067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      220.533003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     142.789866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     268.043159                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          38344     36.85%     36.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        44004     42.28%     79.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8921      8.57%     87.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          721      0.69%     88.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1372      1.32%     89.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1145      1.10%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          668      0.64%     91.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          598      0.57%     92.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8294      7.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         104067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        71.768889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       34.564435                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      763.185509                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           4041     99.78%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.02%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-4095            1      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::13312-14335            1      0.02%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            4      0.10%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.461235                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.440549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.842853                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3116     76.94%     76.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17                  1      0.02%     76.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                932     23.01%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4050                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2934449500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                8408455750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1459735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10051.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  28801.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          33.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           7.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       33.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        7.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.62                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     202530                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     52011                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1562788.75                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  392416920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  214116375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1140391200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                216438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            36638696640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           109486358955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           240531047250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             388619465820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              692.784540                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   399461576500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     18731440000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    142759852250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  394276680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  215131125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1136522400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                215570160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            36638696640                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           109506441195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           240513431250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             388620069450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              692.785616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   399429681750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     18731440000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    142792236250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               125747709                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          81143389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          12156447                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            103980471                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                83512685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             80.315740                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18691016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect               9451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    237537764                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     198464                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                237736228                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    98304946                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7177                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                98312123                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    335842710                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     205641                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                336048351                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   316984906                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       120                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               316985026                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   37                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1121910464                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   928789150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      30861351                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.207928                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.827864                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.tickCycles                      1059707465                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        62202999                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            776530                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.728000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           322866540                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            413.599521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         898816500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.728000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          951                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1642                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         648211872                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        648211872                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    224702494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       224702494                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     98164046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       98164046                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     322866540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        322866540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    322866540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       322866540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       711929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        711929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       137154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137154                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       849083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         849083                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       849083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        849083                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24904735500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24904735500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9954481000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   9954481000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  34859216500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34859216500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  34859216500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34859216500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    225414423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    225414423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    323715623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    323715623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    323715623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    323715623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34982.049474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34982.049474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72578.860259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72578.860259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41055.134186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41055.134186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 41055.134186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41055.134186                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             88497                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       711615                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780626                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  24185998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24185998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4992658500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4992658500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29178656500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29178656500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29178656500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29178656500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003157                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33987.476374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33987.476374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72345.836171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72345.836171                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37378.535304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37378.535304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37378.535304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37378.535304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1685.376446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           316972597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          25753.379672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1685.376446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.822938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1741                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1572                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.850098                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         633982120                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        633982120                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    316972597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       316972597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     316972597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        316972597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    316972597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       316972597                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12309                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    349738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    349738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    349738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    349738000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    349738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    349738000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    316984906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    316984906                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    316984906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    316984906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    316984906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    316984906                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28413.193598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28413.193598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28413.193598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28413.193598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28413.193598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28413.193598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             10567                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    337430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    337430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    337430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    337430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    337430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    337430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27413.274840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27413.274840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27413.274840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27413.274840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27413.274840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27413.274840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           259935                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32594.451091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1218218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           292671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.162414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks  2600.597713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    77.726752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 29916.126627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.079364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.912968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32736                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2660                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999023                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         13001938                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        13001938                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        88497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        88497                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total        10567                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         9419                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9419                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       488887                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       488887                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         9419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       491253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          500672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         9419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       491253                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         500672                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2890                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2890                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       222728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       222728                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2890                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       289373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        292263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2890                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       289373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       292263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4864271500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4864271500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    220068500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    220068500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17985247000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17985247000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    220068500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  22849518500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23069587000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    220068500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  22849518500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23069587000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        88497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        88497                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10567                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12309                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       711615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       711615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       780626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       792935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        12309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       780626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       792935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.234788                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.234788                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.312989                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.234788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.368584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.234788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.368584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 72987.793533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72987.793533                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76148.269896                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76148.269896                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 80749.824899                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80749.824899                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76148.269896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78962.164749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78934.339961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76148.269896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78962.164749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78934.339961                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2890                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2890                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       222728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       222728                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       292263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2890                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       292263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4197821500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4197821500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    191178500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15757967000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15757967000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191178500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19955788500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20146967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    191178500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19955788500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20146967000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.234788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.234788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.234788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 62987.793533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62987.793533                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66151.730104                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66151.730104                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 70749.824899                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70749.824899                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66151.730104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68962.164749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68934.374177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 66151.730104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68962.164749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68934.374177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1580032                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       787097                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2079                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2079                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        723923                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10567                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       881285                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        12309                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       711615                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        35184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2337782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           2372966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1464000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55623872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           57087872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      259935                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1052870                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.001975                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.044393                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            1050791     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2079      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        1052870                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      889080000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      18462000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1170939499                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             225617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        66683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191173                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        225617                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       842380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 842380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22972480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22972480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            550118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  550118    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              550118                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           918693000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1556459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
